Where at the end of this lesson.
I hope you gained some useful skills in feature engineering
and data transformations that you can put to use right away.
As a recap for this lesson,
you covered three parts.
First, you learnt to identify and conduct
tests to determine the correct EHR data set level.
You learnt to differentiate between the line,
encounter and longitudinal levels.
This skill will ensure that as we build our models,
you're using the right data level.
Next, you conducted some basic tests while splitting data like a lumberjack,
preventing data leakage, which can be a major issue in EHR datasets.
You also implemented some basic tests to help
prevent issues when splitting data to prevent data leakage.
Finally, you had some serious fun engineering features with TensorFlow.
In this part, you performed ETL with the dataset API to transform datasets
using the TensorFlow feature column API for both numerical and categorical features.
You can now use a feature column API for transforming
datasets at scale and building some unique feature types.
Amazing job. The next lesson we'll be even more
fun as you start building machine learning models. See you there.